yes I couldn't put a pause the video
there they are find it I've got a mounts
spotted out there
do you I think it's the one Lee's
pointing out to on the mound right now
no there's one right in front of it I
know I found that I'm looking at and the
clackers one off to there I can't tell
if there's two or not that's I'm shaking
so bad there's one to the right and one
in front for sure okay yeah see him he's
walking off to the left yeah
now let me see if I could find out in
the camera damn hard to see him in the
camera especially if the Sun glaring on
the damn screen yeah
okay there's a big mound okay I'm gonna
take my head off and use it as a
sunshade on that camera
there's two on top the mountain one to
the left now not sure what the hell I'm
looking at there this is a lot harder
than I figured it iffy yeah I'm
obviously not on the right one yet okay
found it finally take that one right on
top of the mound Wow Danny just jumped
off didn't he yeah yeah weighty mouth
we're gonna take him right there
or I could take the one to the left of
the mouth don't make me move the fucking
camera I can hardly see him I know I can
hold on no okay I'm good oh good shot
goddamn take another shot I lost them
shit there's two or three on top of the
mound okay
quite a jumper ought to put him in the
Olympics there's one more man cheating
right in the ass
come on get to the right take your time
I didn't see a bullet strike yet nifty
is there any more on there
I don't know not at the moment if you go
directly left at that mouth there's a
light-colored bound at the prairie dog
on top yeah I see him into binoculars a
on
okay I think I got it ya know a flyer
that's an open warfare boys he went
outside my